Godfather, he called those security colleagues
And he said he killed us
Hahahaha
Lao Tzu has been in the rivers and lakes for decades
Never heard such a joke
I still expect to call the security to kill me
You have been in the world for decades
Finally found out that a security guard can indeed kill you
I can't stand you anymore
I won't kill you today.
Show me my ability
Godfather, hurry up and get him three knives and six holes
Let's see if he dares to hit me later
Don't worry.
Grandpa must have avenged this for you
Guro killed him as a rescue
Who opened their mouths and said they were going to kill?
Where did you get the little hand to hit me, wait a minute
Meet the Asura God of War
How is the Asura God of War?
Asura God of War